workflows/bot: allow maintainers to merge backports (#451324)
NixOS/nixpkgs: ci/README.md

To ensure security and a focused utility, the bot adheres to specific limitations:

- The PR targets one of the [development branches](#branch-classification).

> - The PR only touches packages located under `pkgs/by-name/*`.

Reviewer: (See nits on the other PR)

```suggestion
- All changed files are located under `pkgs/by-name/`.
```

- The PR is either:
  - authored by [@r-ryantm](https://nix-community.github.io/nixpkgs-update/r-ryantm/) or a [committer][@NixOS/nixpkgs-committers], or

>   - an automated backport created by label.

Reviewer: It feels odd that the wording here is so different to the checklist item:

> an automated backport created by label.

> Backport by nixpkgs-ci.

Ideally, these would be more harmonised.

Author: Please have another look - is it better now?
